Yes I think everyone, I want to teach the headshot tips today
app and explain with a special vase
First is to Ebibi
The ap pistol is so fast that it takes a long time to sleep and it is in the head shop
I'm pulling out a little for the screw
How to practice
The energy star will take an aim at that time
l 3 only Kantor time to stick
I feel familiar with it
If you eat too hard , it will turn too much
me
Next I'm a manager and I think it would be nice to practice head shots in a special cabin
People who are not good at headshot
Mamubakkaru time apps link Well many are compared and slow of the Day
I think myself and the prime minister it because the app does not recommend is good
Nde approach is a first as the autumn explained
So I would like to say if I proceeded to the time to solve
It is better to remove and overcrowde than match or abp for most of the opponents and allies in deathmatch etc.
Right
By Toka I Mashitae collected from still waiting is
But carbine
It carried out also if you can successfully Toka head shot mastering
About
Nde or opponent of about rank 100 usually do Then think
It is better to go to practice for 4 minutes with pre-kenning sleep
Great
tee
ran
Next I would like actually show head shot
It is general citizen, but this time
Shima
I think that in practice care
It's difficult because I miss a headshot at the end but it is difficult
If you can defeat the mission a lot, there will be few more but
I think that shot made well into the Well
After all it is the police that is the easiest to practice
It will fight normally without calling police etc.
Usual
Death match
I think the town line is good but
I think that some police will practice
Please be why try also doing police
I think I want to think of it as a film
Press and hold the button of a tree
Play r 3 stick up
Please be careful as it will turn to the sky with strong Kajigi Suge
Even to stop in my head is too went to the mighty
Because it takes for a while to do a little if r 3 stick is lowered once more
That is all
Thank you for your viewing
me
n ame